Day 1
Monday, 8 August, 2022
When I decided to complete the 100 days of code challenge, I had previously tried to complete the HackerRank List Comprehension coding challenge and quickly got stuck. I had been running into a lot of that with my coding efforts of late, and I hated the idea. I knew that getting stuck was going to be an inevitability, but I was not prepared for the number of dead ends I was running into, and the only paths I was not hitting dead ends on, were ones that were not stretching me. 
So, despite not feeling ready to make the leap, I went ahead and jumped into the 100 days of code challenge. I first went back to the File Extension project I started in connection with the HarvardX CS50’s Intro to Python class I am taking via EdX, but still ran into a dead end on that one. I technically got a little farther (which was cool) but it was not enough. 
So, I went back to the last HackerRank challenge I tried to start and actually got it completed! 
While I now understand List Comprehensions a lot better, I do not like the sacrifice I have to make in code readability to accomplish it. I feel that if I were ever to have to go back to it, then I would likely have to start from scratch at trying to understand what is happening. Perhaps that might change down the road, but right now, I think I want to stick with more readable code than shorter code. 

Day 2
Tuesday, 9 August, 2022
Yesterday, I struggled a lot with the list comprehension and had a hard time conceiving of even a strategy to use to solve the problem with. Today, when I first got started, I ran into the same problem, and like yesterday, I looked at what others had done to solve the problem and tried to dissect that. From there, I stopped and asked myself, "Seeing how these people solved the problem, how could I have figured it out?" From there, I immediately had ideas flowing into my mind for how I could have solved the problem and created a solution that I did not see in the discussion board for the problems. To me, this is a huge win because it means that I am starting to learn what I believe is the most important part of learning programming, specifically problem solving. 